don't ignore my call
doesn't God alive today
to tell you what went wrong
[Music]
while all the fine
cuz your give my face always on my case
I just need some space so wait for you I
need a vacation
[Music]
go
no more stupid I don't know much
searching through
like every time
[Music]
the end
in my face always on my case I just need
some space away from you I need a
vacation
go
[Music]
I need a vacation
oh just
[Music]
ah so they're guys go that was a music
video for the vacation song and I just
want to thank you guys so much for
supporting me the song has been doing
really good on iTunes and it's all
because of you guys and I'm so excited
so if you have an extra dollar to spend
and you haven't gotten the song on
iTunes yet it would mean the world to me
and I would love you forever and I would
stop doing this with my hands cuz it's
creepy
also quick thanks to Ben Barnes who
directed the music video dude you are so
awesome even though you look like me in
ten years
oof creepy so in celebration of the
music video I thought I'd be a lot of
fun if I gave away some free signed
vacation song shirts and some signed
posters all you have to do is like this
video favorite it and leave a comment
telling me your favorite thing you like
to do during the summer alright you guys
I love you have a good week I will see
you next Saturday thank you so much it
means the world to me that you guys are
supporting me and buying this song and
leaving nice comments I love you so much
and I don't want to cry I don't wanna
get cheesy okay I'm gonna go I love you
guys I need a vacation
[Music]